doc: update procedures following the introduction of Raft-based topology (#17500)
scylladb/scylla: docs/operating-scylla/procedures/cluster-management/add-node-to-cluster.rst

> When you add a new node, other nodes in the cluster stream data to the new node. This operation is called bootstrapping and may

Reviewer: @kbr- is this still true (bootstapping may take hours?)

Reviewer 2: Of course, data needs to be moved around like before.

(btw tagged wrong account)

> be time-consuming, depending on the data size and network bandwidth. If using a :ref:`multi-availability-zone <faq-best-scenario-node-multi-availability-zone>`, make sure they are balanced.

Reviewer: The following 
"If using multi-availability-zone, make sure they are balanced" has no context.
Why should it be balnced? how to make it balance?

.. caution::

    The procedure described below applies to clusters where Raft-based topology 
    is enabled. Raft-based topology is automatically enabled in new clusters.

    If you've upgraded an existing cluster from version 5.4, ensure that you 
    :doc:`manually enabled Raft-based topology </upgrade/upgrade-opensource/upgrade-guide-from-5.4-to-6.0/enable-raft-topology>`.
    Without Raft-based topology enabled, you must consider the following limitations 
    while following the procedure:

>     * You cannot add new nodes to the cluster if any nodes are down.

Reviewer 2: This limitation applies with Raft-based topology too. We haven't gotten rid of it.

You can replace a node if there are some dead nodes but quorum available, but that worked pre-Raft-topology too. (But this is not relevant to this document, which describes regular node bootstrap, not replace; regular bootstrap requires all nodes)

    Without Raft-based topology enabled, you must consider the following limitations 
    while following the procedure:

    * You cannot add new nodes to the cluster if any nodes are down.
    * You can only bootstrap one node at a time. You need to wait until the status 
      of one new node becomes UN (Up Normal) before adding another new node.
    * If the node starts bootstrapping but fails in the middle, for example, due to 
      a power loss, you can retry bootstrap by restarting the node. If you don't want to
      retry, or the node refuses to boot on subsequent attempts, consult the 
      :doc:`Handling Membership Change Failures </operating-scylla/procedures/cluster-management/handling-membership-change-failures>`
      document. 

Prerequisites
-------------

> #. Before adding the new node, check the node's status in the cluster using :doc:`nodetool status </operating-scylla/nodetool-commands/status>` command. You cannot add new nodes to the cluster if any nodes are down.

Reviewer 2: This is still true.

> Adding a new node requires at least a quorum of nodes in a cluster to be available. 

Reviewer: This entire section (Quorum of Nodes) applies to all operations like adding and removing nodes/DC.
We can extract it to include and slightly update it to be generic (see below)

```suggestion
Updating the cluster topology requires at least a quorum of nodes in a cluster to be available. 
```

> Adding a new node requires at least a quorum of nodes in a cluster to be available. 

Reviewer 2: In fact, it requires ALL nodes to be available.

> #. When the new node status is Up Normal (UN), run the :doc:`nodetool cleanup </operating-scylla/nodetool-commands/cleanup>` command on all nodes in the cluster except for the new node that has just been added. Cleanup removes keys that were streamed to the newly added node and are no longer owned by the node.

Reviewer: @tgrabiec do we need to run cleanup with Tablets manually?
I think we do not.

Reviewer: Ignore, this PR is about Consitent Topology update, not tablets!
